Docs: changelog review. (#9330)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: CHANGELOG.md

* **[engine](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ckeditor/ckeditor5-engine)**: Introduced `ArrowKeysObserver`. See [#8640](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/8640). ([commit](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/commit/5527283324ad8bef5231acde0e49f9fc78df9c90))
* **[language](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ckeditor/ckeditor5-language)**: Added support for setting the text part language. Closes [#8989](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/8989).

### Bug fixes

* **[engine](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ckeditor/ckeditor5-engine)**: `DataController#toView()` should have a default value for the `options` parameter. Closes [#9293](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/9293). ([commit](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/commit/f77a3d57bddb96ae3280736f974cfd0b148611cb))

> * **[highlight](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ckeditor/ckeditor5-highlight)** The remove highlight button now also gets disabled along with the main highlight command. Closes [#9174](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/9174).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[highlight](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ckeditor/ckeditor5-highlight)** The remove highlight button now also gets disabled along with the main highlight command. Closes [#9174](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/9174). ([commit](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/commit/04acdfec9e7ee4b38daa1ef372e201f535d960fc))
```

* **[clipboard](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ckeditor/ckeditor5-clipboard)**: Implemented the basic content drag and drop support. Closes [#9128](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/9128). ([commit](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/commit/8461da5fd6d3e050b8fd15aecf4527a83d0899af))
* **[clipboard](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ckeditor/ckeditor5-clipboard)**: The `contentInsertion` event is fired from `ClipboardPipeline` to enable customization of content insertion (see [#9128](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/9128)). ([commit](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/commit/8461da5fd6d3e050b8fd15aecf4527a83d0899af))
* **[core](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ckeditor/ckeditor5-core)**: Created the universal caption icon. Closes [#9196](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/9196). ([commit](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/commit/6dce730c27db063c13c71d363458731cb57faac9))

> * **[engine](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ckeditor/ckeditor5-engine)**: Introduced bubbling of the `view.Document` events, similar to how bubbling works in the DOM. Bubbling allows listening on a view event on a specific kind of element, hence simplifying code that needs to handle a specific event for only that element (e.g. `enter` in `blockquote`s only). Read more in the documentation: **\[TODO\]**. Closes [#8640](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/8640). ([commit](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/commit/5527283324ad8bef5231acde0e49f9fc78df9c90))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[engine](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ckeditor/ckeditor5-engine)**: Introduced bubbling of the `view.Document` events, similar to how bubbling works in the DOM. Bubbling allows listening on a view event on a specific kind of element, hence simplifying code that needs to handle a specific event for only that element (e.g. `enter` in `blockquote`s only). Read more in the documentation: [The event system deep-dive guide](https://ckeditor.com/docs/ckeditor5/latest/framework/guides/deep-dive/event-system.html). Closes [#8640](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/8640). ([commit](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/commit/5527283324ad8bef5231acde0e49f9fc78df9c90))
```

Author: We added that simultaneously :)
